Introduce high-level API for flows composition (#3624)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/whats-new.adoc

The `MessageGroup` abstraction can be supplied with a `condition` to evaluate later on to make a decision for the group.
See <<./message-store.adoc#message-group-condition,Message Group Condition>> for more information.

[[x5.5-integration-flows-composition]]
==== Integration Flows Composition

> The new `IntegrationFlows.from(IntegrationFlow)` factory has been added to let to start the current `IntegrationFlow` from existing one.
> On the other side, the `IntegrationFlowDefinition` has added a `to(IntegrationFlow)` terminal operator to continue the current flow in some other existing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new `IntegrationFlows.from(IntegrationFlow)` factory method has been added to allow starting the current `IntegrationFlow` from the output of an existing flow.
In addition, the `IntegrationFlowDefinition` has added a `to(IntegrationFlow)` terminal operator to continue the current flow at the input channel of some other flow.
```
